well as the second day of the semifinals
I'm in Shanghai right now with coverage
presented by mobile dicks to talk to
Isaiah himself as ale yes it is you you
were not in Shanghai last year for MSI I
realized this recently yeah it wasn't
that's actually great as I started
casting for a riot so I had done spring
class but I was literally the first
night ever cast as leak so I didn't get
to go MSA does it feel good to kind of
have the second chance to come here and
be in the arena and do all the stuff
yeah it's been it's been really fun I
think that the fans here are pretty
insane for the support of the Chinese
teams and it's definitely cool to get to
go to a new place and be in a passionate
crowd but I'm also missing home a bit
because we've been here for so long so
I'm kind of looking forward to go back
to yeah and you have are you sticking
around for another week for finals yep
so I'm gonna be saying for final it's
not quite sure yet what I'm doing or
whatever but I'm gonna be here I'll do
something
I hope people find their seats or
something you're like oh yes it's over
here it's over here yeah me will run
some coffees you know do some interviews
with washed-up reporters you know great
that's great all right let's move on
let's move on all right so what oh what
an interesting thing so you were on the
analyst desk yesterday and you're on the
analyst desk again today the only people
I ever know that didn't seem to do the
back to back is - so what what causes
you to be on the analyst desk so much
well it's not an exciting answer
yesterday to vitiate was sick so I saw I
was filling in for him I was supposed to
today but yeah that's about it you guys
go check on him at all or she just like
somewhere in a hotel room like slowly
falling apart no he's here I mean he's
here he's just coughing and he sounded
like so he wasn't gonna be on the
broadcast but he's gonna be on the desk
today so he's okay he's just everyone
kind of wants to stay away from him so
they don't get sick cuz getting sick on
the roads pretty miserable are you guys
putting him at the end of the analyst
test like keeping him far away at a
quarantine will he have a mask that
would be kind of cool I think he's
actually in the middle but I have
someone in between me and Kobe's Kobe's
like my buffer so if Kobe starts getting
sick then then I'm screwed but as long
as Kobe is healthy he can beat him block
it because wouldn't it as you're missing
home wouldn't it be great if your last
week in Beijing was just you sitting
around sick and
you know just miserable yeah that'd be
fantastic Travis that's exactly what I'm
hoping for
well I have it extended Lee over in
Hawaii I'm leaving tomorrow so you guys
can just enjoy that now let's talk to me
talk to me a little bit about worlds so
I interviewed Kobe and I asked him how
well he thought of all the world's games
he said there were a lot of them I asked
him to average them all out and then
give a collective score he gave seven
point four and then Jacques said from an
if she was like I don't know what that
means but at least from an entertainment
value I'd give them all in 8.5 so what
is your score for Worlds this year I
think is really high I mean as far as as
far as like my actual enjoyment for the
tournament overall nothing about like
level play or anything just as far as
fun I think it's like I like a nine or
something I'm gonna one-up both them
because when I think about most years
I'm like okay well quarterfinals are
usually pretty crap it's like three O's
all across the board it's not
competitive groups are usually usually
pretty predictable I would say for the
most part this year we had crazy groups
that there was lots of upsets we had a
lot of innovation and stuff in
quarterfinals and in semifinals we've
now had more innovation the series have
been super competitive in quarterfinals
and in semi finals as well so it's like
it's hard to really ask for more do you
have a favorite match if you think about
it or maybe a favorite set or favorite
game anything that pops up in your mind
maybe something you casted something you
didn't cast I actually think that I
really really like the to SKT series in
the in-court finals and semi finals
those have been incredible I mean the
misfits won because of like all their
innovation and how historic it would
have been and likewise I mean it's it's
just it's kind of same idea with our ng
series because there are super
competitive series there was new picks
there was new stuff coming out and just
what it means for League I think if SKT
actually loses it's super super exciting
so there's so much more hype around
those series when it's like oh they
could actually lose like this is pretty
crazy but then they don't lose right so
does that take away from it at all no I
don't think so I mean I still think it's
it's one of those things where it's it's
still a big accomplishment right like no
one has ever you know for Western team I
don't think anyone has really pushed SKT
like that before and even for the LPL
like it is very exciting and people joke
so much about all the gap is closing but
like maybe right like this year it's
actually pretty competitive I'm not
saying that you know North America is
good as Korea but maybe
everyone that's not Korea's inching up a
little bit so that's pretty exciting I
think and and it does set up for like a
pretty incredible finals right because
when you see SKT was somewhat vulnerable
in groups and they're like ah but in
quarters they're gonna smash everybody
though and it's a go well that was
actually really close and then but
semi-finals the probably especially
everybody though but that was also
really close and you know w/e and
Samsung are two really really good teams
so whoever comes from there you're
thinking you're probably gonna have a
really close series again or maybe SKT
finally loses and if they lose in the
finals I think that's pretty epic well
okay so two questions one is if if the
gap is closing is it closing because
we're going up the west and China are
going up or is it because SKT may be a
little down you're over here I mean I
think it's I think it's mostly we're
going up right because when you think
about it like it's not just SKT versus
everyone else like the other Korean
teams I think have had more competitive
serious like RNG beat Samsung both times
in groups this year right these are
things that you didn't see as frequently
in the past obviously long as you
complete stomp to their group but then
fell to Samsung so I do think that the
teams are improving and I think it's
something where like the instructor has
been building up over time and it
doesn't guarantee that next year you're
also going to be as closer next year
you're just gonna beat them but I do
think that it is like this gradual climb
where people are catching up over time
and even in some of the interviews I
think it was hooni or one of the SKT
members was saying that he thought the
EU LCS could catch up to Korea in time
and and these are things that it does
feel relatively realistic as long as the
infrastructure keeps improving as long
as the teams keep improving in the way
that they're practicing and training and
then the the other follow-up question
from your your statement the other sec
the other second was you said that you
feel like finals we could see team W II
or Samsung whoever wants today take SKT
really really far or maybe even beat
them the vibe I I was getting was that
orangey and SKT might be the best match
this world so do you think that maybe
there's a chance that this will be an
even better match or do you think
because it certainly felt like this side
of the bracket was a little stronger
than the other side so I think as far as
like when you're taking in consideration
like what's the most exciting I think
this was the most exciting possible
matchup as far as history it's Guzzi
versus faker it's in China with us all
Chinese
and who's never won a championship and
he's playing against the greatest player
ever and the greatest team ever so like
the history wise and all that I think
it's hard to match that build-up no
matter what the finals is but I do think
that Samsung with how they showed in the
quarterfinals like if they can match
that levels of improvement I mean a lot
of this is going to be based off how
they play today but if Samsung come out
look really strong blast w/e they could
be just the favourites going into the
finals right because they looked really
good against long as you who was
supposed to be the favourites and yes
you can say all along is you choked but
you also have to give credit to
Samsung's preparation and how well they
executed so I definitely think that
there's a world in which you know
Samsung wins and is the favorite and
maybe even just beats SKT in the finals
okay what if team DB wins and then beats
SKT in the finals does that mean that
TSM had the hardest group and that they
deserved they deserve to be able to get
to semifinals yes of course of course is
exactly what it means the math checks
out you know won a game over w/e so they
in fact are equal to the world champions
I needed to make sure that this could
hit front-page read it and you just did
that for me so thank you as I just
needed that one little line thank you
how is China been for you because you
say that you're kind of missing home I
mean it's good I think just any time
when you're on the road for this long
it's it's like you know I miss my dog I
miss my girlfriend I miss my cats and
you think I am a homebody right so it's
it's one of those things where I just
like being at home and being away this
long like he kind of gets old just being
in a hotel every single night but it has
been really fun going out and seeing
some of the different things and doing
some shopping you know we got to go and
do a little tour around which was pretty
cool so I do enjoy the sightseeing and
whatnot but I just like it would be
super nice if you could go home to your
own house and then and then like you
know on the work day someone not but a
month is a long time and it'll be about
a month for you right all told it's
gonna be like five and half weeks or
something l have been here so yeah going
on a month and a half oh boy yeah it'll
just be months for me that's this is the
secret you just got to bail out if you
can make the four weeks is way more
manageable than the five I think so
who's going to win the World of Warcraft
championships at Blizzcon next week so I
don't even know any of the teams anymore
because the only person I actually check
on is my friend CD who is one of my old
teammates I know he didn't qualify so I
don't even know who's
anymore so is it gonna be the Koreans
probably not I think Europe's will see
you the best now so at least in that
game there's actually like turnover of
region strength there it is man I mean
when I was still playing like na and EU
where I think probably better than Korea
but there was some of the best Green
Teams to like compete so it's actually
pretty even across the board but yeah I
don't really follow much anymore other
than to just like watch my friend's
games but that's about it
League just all to consuming like
there's just too much to follow here
it's actually taking over my whole life
it's like before I was doing lead
casting I still watched regular sports
and I still watch like other games and
whatnot but more and more and more it
just eats up more of my time it's like
oh now I don't watch basketball anymore
now I don't watch hockey anymore Oh cuz
there's El cicada Watchers I'll be able
to watch this EU LCS na LCS there's
especially when we're on best of threes
there's so many games even just watching
your own region cuz you cast cast a day
and you do your half of the stream but
you didn't even see the other like six
games on the other half a stream so even
just for any LCS you end up having to
watch tons of extra games then you want
to catch up on all the other regions so
there's just like not a lot of time to
do other things
struggle do you I have you gotten to the
point yet where any of your pets are
named after League of Legends characters
yeah my dog is named Daisy okay well and
is that intentional it's like it's
straddling the line right so no one's
here some people will think you know if
they think it's cool they'll think like
oh the League of Legends character if
not then you're safe exactly it's the
perfect it's a perfect name right it's
like it's one of those things like with
a video game t-shirt right if you just
have a logo or something and someone
recognizes it like oh that's pretty cool
it doesn't have to be like I love video
games
yeah alright what specifically about
China because we were talking before
this is not your first time doing an
eSports event in China but it is your
first time doing League of Legends
eSports events in China what has it been
like for you to experience like the
eSports side here at League of Legends
have the audience's that are the fans I
mean it's pretty crazy like definitely
when I when I came before it was you
know as awhile Pro playing like
essentially the blows kind of a but they
called it like the World Championship
was the year that they didn't have plays
Khan they moved it to China and that was
pretty crazy because China loves
Warcraft and all Warcraft things so
there's definitely like got an a glimpse
into how hardcore the fans are
but this is just on a bigger level right
there's just so many more of the fans
you can see like how much they love the
the stars on the teams and even like
Russ Kern right because she's known here
seeing all the fangirls and bands and
stuff going around and freaking out when
they see her it's kind of crazy because
I think it's very different from na it's
not that people don't get recognized or
that no one wants to take a picture with
a caster or player or anything but it
just seems like way more hardcore here
because people are like freaking out
when they see their favorite fans and
the fans are like coming and camping out
of hotels overnight and stuff hoping to
catch them so it's on another level very
very good well is there anything that
you want to say tuning of the fans out
there not too much I guess thank you
very much for tuning in to the games I
hope you guys have been enjoying the
world championship hope you guys are
enjoying the casting and all the work
and yeah I appreciate sport very good
well thank you so much for the interview
for evan also you can check out the rest
of our coverage of all things esports
right here on my youtube channel oh
hello I didn't see there I actually just
got back to the hotel after going to the
venue for some interviews and I'm
actually just checking out the new
mobile it's a sports site that's right
you've heard me talk to you about how
they help you figure out your strengths
and weaknesses but they've just launched
this new thing for worlds there's so
much functionality and we tell you about
it it's got schedules for the games and
I know a lot of you hate spoilers
there's actually a spoiler tag that
changes the functionality of the site to
hide results etc so that's what you're
interested in you've got that there are
pregame analytics and analysis for
matches before they even start there are
post game breakdowns builds and more
advanced sense including analytics using
mobile it's specific formula there's
even a section dedicated to champions
themselves in fact you can search
specifically for your favorite player
track their games view heat maps read
through their champions and see more and
finally by the way if watching these
videos is too taxing mobile it's
actually has transcribed many of my
world interviews for your reading
pleasure so be sure to check it out it's
got all sorts of cool stuff on it
explore the site it's eSports top mobile
tot GG and by the way thanks for
watching this video you can actually
sign up for their service if you want to
get better at
legends over at mobile extra GG / Travis